Astro 3/10 release notes (#487)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.3.0 ([Release notes](cli-release-notes.md))

## March 10, 2022

### Running Docker Image Tag in Airflow UI

The Airflow UI now shows the Deployment's Docker image tag in the footer of all pages. Depending on how your team deploys to Astro, this value is either a unique identifier generated by a CI tool or a timestamp generated by the Astro CLI on `$ astrocloud deploy`. Both represent a unique version of your Astro project.

> ![Runtime Tag banner](image-tag.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Runtime Tag banner](image-tag-airflow-ui.png)
```

When you push code to a Deployment on Astro via the Astro CLI or CI/CD, reference this tag in the Airflow UI to verify that your changes were successfully applied.

:::info

This feature requires Astro Runtime [4.0.10+](runtime-release-notes.md#4010). To upgrade a Deployment to the latest Runtime version, see [Upgrade Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md).

:::

::: info

> The Docker image tag shown in the Airflow UI is based on the image running in your Deployment's Webserver. After a code deploy, this image might briefly be different from the image running on your Scheduler, Workers, or Triggerer. If you ever have trouble verifying a code push to a Deployment on Astro, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image tag shown in the Airflow UI represents the Docker image that is running on the Webserver container of your Deployment. While it is a good proxy, it does not forcibly represent what is running on your Deployment's Scheduler, Triggerer, or workers.

The image tag in the Airflow UI is also distinct from the **Docker Image** value that is shown in the Deployment view of the Cloud UI, which displays the image tag as specified in the Cloud API request that is triggered on `astrocloud deploy`. The image tag in the Airflow UI can generally be interpreted to be a more accurate proxy to what is running on all components of your Deployment.

If you ever have trouble verifying a code push to a Deployment on Astro, reach out to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).
```
